Grids: Add headerFilter.groupInterval number[] Info (#8919)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/columns/headerFilter/groupInterval.md

---
id: dxDataGrid.Options.columns.headerFilter.groupInterval
type: Enums.HeaderFilterGroupInterval | Number | Array<String, Number> | undefined
default: undefined
---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies how the header filter combines values into groups.

---
If you [specify a custom header filter data source](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/DataGrid/99%20How%20To/Customize%20Header%20Filter%20Data%20Source/10%20Specify%20a%20Custom%20Data%20Source.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/How_To/Customize_Header_Filter_Data_Source/#Specify_a_Custom_Data_Source'), assign a string array to **groupInterval**. This array should contain group fields for a [hierarchical header filter](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/DataGrid/75%20Implement%20a%20Hierarchical%20Header%20Filter/00%20Implement%20a%20Hierarchical%20Header%20Filter.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Implement_a_Hierarchical_Header_Filter/').

> For numeric columns, assign a number that specifies generated group sizes. Assign a number array to generate hierarchical groups. The following **groupInterval** value divides records into groups of 25 nested within groups of 100: `[100, 25]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For numeric columns, assign a number that specifies generated group sizes. Assign an array of numbers to generate hierarchical groups. The following groupInterval value divides records into groups of 100 and then into nested groups of 25: `[100, 25]`
```

Specifies how the header filter combines values into groups.

---

> If you [specify a custom header filter data source](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/DataGrid/99%20How%20To/Customize%20Header%20Filter%20Data%20Source/10%20Specify%20a%20Custom%20Data%20Source.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/How_To/Customize_Header_Filter_Data_Source/#Specify_a_Custom_Data_Source'), **groupInterval** accepts only an array of strings or numbers. This array should contain group fields for a [hierarchical header filter](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/DataGrid/75%20Implement%20a%20Hierarchical%20Header%20Filter/00%20Implement%20a%20Hierarchical%20Header%20Filter.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Implement_a_Hierarchical_Header_Filter/').

Reviewer 2: `This array should contain group fields`
I'm not sure if it is correct: number array does not contain group fields.
